All badges and certificates-Shows Microsoft Associate and Expert Certifications and badges from AWS

CS260 Final Project-Dataset was found on NBA Statistics. Our dataset had stats from 1997-2021 NBA seasons from 31 teams. We created visualizations in Python to answer several questions we had such as the correlation between points scored and defense/has the average number of points scored in a game changed over time?

Bocce Ball Special Olympics-In MK410 (Marketing & Research) Our group collected survey data from both athletes and particpants within Bocce Ball at the Special Olympics Fall Eastern Section which is hosted by DeSales. The survey questions were set up to look at how satisfied people are with the event at each sport, and answers were measured on a five point scale. Used SPSS to create visualizations and presented to describe our findings/made recommentations to improve the event.

Data Ethics Issues and Solutions-Lists out possible issuses of ethics behind the use of data analytics & AI. Solutions are outlined for each listed issue.

Excel Expert Badge-Issued by Microsoft after passing the Excel Expert Certification Exam on September 29, 2023

Exploring Microsoft Azure Project-Ben Shane and I worked together with a dataset on HIV/Aids. The data was obtianed from the US Agency fir International Development. We worked to create several vizualizations to better understand the trends in pricing, spending, and volumes of health commodities delivered by country.

MI353 SAS Final Presentation-My group and I found a dataset on car crashes throughout Pennsylvania. Using SAS Enterprise Miner, we ran many tests to determine various factors that have correltation with car crashes.

SAS Paper-In depth analysis is given on our finding in SAS on PA car crashes.

Resume-My Resume can be found here

Tableau Product Recalls Presentation-Obtained a dataset on product recalls from the USDA. Used Tableau prep builder to clean dataset and to establish a join with similiar dataset. Used Tableau Desktop to create visualizations in a story like presentation. Some of the visualizations include a bar chart showing which US states have the most number of product recalls and a box and whisker chart which list out the products by category and shows where each category ranks in terms of the number of total recalls.

Blue Prism-Overview of consolidation excersise which involves automating an Excel file to be read and orders to be inputted.

UI Path-Overview of the process behind Practice 1 – Build and Run UI Automation Project and Practice 2 - Table Extraction 

UI Path Diplomas of Completion-Screenshots of completions diplomas that were obtained after completing each UI Path training module.

Microsoft Azure Trainings-Took courses on training on Microsoft Azure on the topics of Designing Power BI reports, Microsoft 365 Supply Chain Management, and Understanding Data concepts.


